I have a son
who is turning 18. And 3 years ago, if
you asked me, I may force him to major
in computer science. He is actually
going to the college to study commercial
dance.
Because AI can help people to do so much
of things. You basically should proceed
your [music] heart. Uh, you know, to
just follow your heart.
>> [music]
>> Genspark is the all-in-one workspace. We
do AI spreadsheets, AI slides, AI
documents.
All kinds of work for normal
white-collar workers.
>> When you think about how we work
together, the Applied AI team and
Genspark, what's it like on your side
when you get something new from us?
>> All our engineers are very curious about
the latest advancement for the latest
[music] models. So, every time we got
this request, it's kind of like a
invitation to the party. So, we enjoyed
it a lot. We are very small startup, so
we cannot do everything by ourselves.
And working with kind of trusted partner
is really, really important.
>> What do you think are the things that
you do that make you unique and and help
you succeed? [music]
>> Everybody is talking about moat these
days.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't really think it nowadays [music]
anybody have any moat because everything
is happening so fast. The only moat is
the team's culture. We always exploring
and trying the newest technology to
execute faster.
In the collaboration, the openness is
the key. The sum of the secret you kept
today will be worthless, you know,
tomorrow.
The the success of the partnership
[music] it comes to um deep mutual
trust.
When it's really working, it's very
tight [music] feedback loop.
I just did a interview yesterday, and
the candidate asked me, "What will
Genspark be in 3 years?" My answer is,
"I don't know."
A lot of new things will happen and it
will even seem like magic.